People say that there is no such place as Heaven.
It's just an asinine fairy tale from millennia ago.
Our arbitrary existence is nothing, but a brief crack of light between two eternities of outer darkness.
In spite of that, why do I feel so compelled to achieve salvation?
The wind blows in my eyes, fogging up my glasses.
Walking in my church attire through a foot of snow...
A voice calls to me as I wipe my glasses with my tie.
“Press forward to Heavenly Father's kingdom!”
 10:16 P.M.
8 hours until school begins
Marcus: “Alexis, how much you want to bet that I can astral project?”
“Marcus frankly I don’t care.”
Marcus: “I can fly to the—“
“Marcus, we’re going to school in the morning!
Why are we even talking about this?”
Marcus:  “Well Alexis, you wanted to know what I was doing…”
“Alright, for the safety of my sanity, go ahead and ‘astral project.’”
Marcus relaxes his tender muscles and removes the breastplates of his body. 
He stretches repeatedly and Alexis rolls her eyes. Flat on his back, he stares at the ceiling.
The body naturally goes to sleep, however he can still open his big mouth.
“Are you done?”
Marcus: “Well, I am in waking sleep paralysis.”
Marcus: “I can only communicate for a limited time until my head goes to sleep as well.”
“Goodnight. I have honors biochemistry.”
Marcus: “Weak sauce. I’d love to see you in AP metaphysics.”
Alexis gives him the infamous straight face.
Marcus: Every day, in every way I am getting sexier and sexier.
Marcus: Wow, my body feels numb and heavy now.
Marcus: Am I floating? Crap! Where am I?
He can walk on the fresh clean river; he can fly as high as the automobiles.
He, himself, is the limit of the experience.
He flies to the clouds, without knowing what is up there.
Marcus: What is that noise? It sounds like singing.
Marcus: “Sanctus Espiritus! Sanctus Espiritus!”
There are beautiful angels from an immense kingdom and the moon is gone.
The violet and cloudless sky flies over him.
All he can see is the choir of angels and… 
Marcus: “Is that fire?”
The fire gains strength from the song.
“Sanctus Espiritus! Sanctus Espiritus! Sanctus Espiritus!”
The fire spreads around the kingdom, making a perfect pentagram.
Marcus flies over the angels and attempts to see what is happening in the fiery pentagram.
Horror strikes his poor heart; he can feel his heartbeat pumping more and more
Marcus: “I should leave, but why does my heart feel like it will fly out my chest?”
Marcus: “Who’s that? I like his wavy hair, but he should stay away from the fire.”
The young man appears from the fiery pentagram as he it was its source.
The man stares at Marcus; through the young man’s glasses, he can see nothing but holiness and cleanliness of The Spirit.
Marcus becomes paralyzed by the look of his eyes.
Marcus, now hovering over the angels’ choir in a heavenly body within the sky, attempts to think about his body at the apartment with Alexis, just as the young man walks to him… 
“MARCUS!”
Marcus: “WHAAAA— What do you want?”
“Finally, you’re awake. Its 8:00 AM.”
Marcus: “Crap, forget about breakfast; we have to go!”
After school, at the immense campus of their high school…The sun rises, over the beautiful river.
The city is shiny, sleek, and eco-friendly.
The mild wind passes by, almost relaxing except— 
“For the love of my day, please shut up Marcus.”
Marcus: “How come you cannot understand that was frightening.
Sanctus Espiritus! Sanctus Espiritus!”
“Look, I have to say. ‘It was just a dream.’”
Marcus: “What do you call a dream, when you are aware that you’re dreaming?”
Alexis and Marcus walk from campus, arguing about the dream. They continue walking up to the people mover; while there Marcus looks at his high school from above. 
The school is big as a university, holding only a max population of three thousand students.
The people mover stops around M. L. King Boulevard; they walk off seeing their high school from the sidewalk below. A thousand feet below their feet.
“Wow, our school looks awesome from the geofront,”
Marcus: “I wonder how our rival’s school looks like, although they are in the aquafront.”
Marcus’s curiosity bugs him throughout the walk back home. The surface sky is a clear blue, a lot better than the geofront.
The sounds of flying 2-person self driving automobiles, fueled by clean renewable energy.
The din of the city is low, as usual. Nevertheless, something feels quite off.
Marcus: Who’s that?
There is a young man on the glass sidewalk against the aerospace building in downtown. Marcus walks to him and drops his book bag worriedly.
“Hello, what are you doing here?”
The young man on the glass sidewalk questions Marcus.
Marcus: “Are you okay?
You were just sleeping there on the sidewalk I assumed that you needed help?”
“No, thanks for it anyway—
Marcus: “Sorry.”
Marcus now feeling put off by the young man’s last statement.
“You’re blocking the sun, God’s gift to man”
Marcus and Alexis: “God?” (simultaneous shock )
“Yes, God, our Heavenly Father, the creator of all that is and will be.”
The young man stands up from the glass sidewalk with absolute dignity, wearing a black tie with a silky smooth shirt.
Marcus and Alexis remain perplexed.
The suit he is wearing is clean as his black shoes, for an African American he is quite light skinned and has wavy hair
Zion: “My name is Zion, and I am a missionary of our Heavenly Father.”
Marcus: He cannot be.... he looks like the guy from... the dream.
Marcus: I can feel something. His eyes.... 
Marcus skin begins to crawl as he looks at Zion in the eyes.
“What are your names?”
Marcus: “My name is Alexis Jackson, and this nutcase friend of mine is Marcus Webster.
So, what were you talking about, God? He created all that is?”
“In a sense, yes… I can substantiate my claim.”
Zion confidently brings out a dense old book from his black book bag.
Alexis holds the book, eyeing at it from all sides. She gives Marcus the book; he reads the introduction.
Marcus: “What am I reading?”
“My scriptures.”
“May I read the beginning of everything for you two?”
“Sure.”
The trio walks to Marcus’s apartment a little way off from the aquafront. Zion begins to illustrate creation itself.
“In the beginning there was darkness, a void if you would imagine. Then God expanded his awareness 360 degrees.”
“Zion, why did God do that?”
“Well…In physics, a void is basically no matter, therefore no energy.”
“At the edge of His awareness, He spoke 'Let there be light!'”
“I am assuming that is where length, width, proportion, and depth were created.”
Marcus: “All I see is the Venn diagram, but call it whatever you like.”
“The next day of creation, you have the Tripod of Life aka Borromean Rings. However, I like to call it the Holy Trinity. God created a firmament between the waters. Above it was called sky and below the oceans.”
Marcus: Is he serious?
Marcus: I cannot tell if he is just trolling us or he actually believes in the crap he says.
“God puts lights in the firmament, to separate light from darkness and to mark days, seasons and years.”
“Interesting, I have learned that this is not a textbook, however a narrative.”
Marcus: A presumptuously sketchy narrative at best. I wonder what Alexis is thinking regarding all of this.
“One half of all of creation is completed.”
“God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called the Seas: and God saw that it was good.”
“Moreover, God said, let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in it, upon the earth: and it was so.”
“And the earth brought forth grass and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in it, after his kind: and God saw that it was good.”
I do not know what to think about this. This is not how the Earth formed at all.
Marcus: For a homeless bum, why is he so clean?
Marcus: Better yet, how is he so clean?
“God later created two lights in the sky; one is the moon to rule the stars. The other is the Sun to rule the day.”
Zion summarizes as they walk down to the apartment.
“God created the sun, moon, and the stars after all the plants?”
Huh... never thought about that.
Marcus: Go Alexis! Default skepticism at work.
Yes he did.
Before Alexis counters Zion, Marcus pats her back and shakes his head
Marcus: There is a time and place for everything, especially argumentation.
“What does you guys think? Heavenly Father said it; therefore, it is so.”
Alexis “Home sweet home, guys”
“Woah, your place is fancy.”
“The apartment complex rotates?”
Marcus: “Indeed, at 30 degrees per hour.”
Zion just stands all amazed at the apartment complex.
Marcus: “Zion come in, already.”
“Oh okay Marcus!”
The trio enters the building.
Marcus: “This is where I live, over there is the MT”
“So what is a MT?”
“Stands for Matter Transporter”
He's never heard of a MT before?
Where is this guy from?
Zion slowly walks in one of the spots. Marcus and Alexis set the coordinates. The universe around Zion feels void, as he sees parts of his body fade away.
“Why am I disintegrating? I feel sick... ”
Marcus: “Relax!
Marcus: It's science, we’re going to be safe.”
Marcus: For a homeless person, he is quite sheltered....
The trio dematerializes atom by atom, at the speed of light.
Zion opens his eyes and looks the same as if nothing happened.
They are in a stylish red hallway; Marcus finds his apartment 2 doors down from the MT, and there is a pad next to the door.
Marcus touches the pad and the door opens soundlessly.
Marcus: “Now let us get to the meaning of this meeting.”
Marcus: “Alexis, is that your music playing?”
“I like it”
“It’s a lot better than that stupid rap song.”
Marcus: “Hey that rap song is awesome.”
“What rap song?”
“No Zion!”
Marcus: “Computer, give me a beat.”
Marcus: “I was getting my report card the other day and noticed something...”
Marcus: “'Look at all those B’s on my report card' I said to myself.”
Marcus: “'This ain't right' I said.”
Marcus: “I walked into his little office after school and told them to...”
Marcus: “THROW SOME A's ON IT!”
Marcus: “THROW SOME A's ON THAT REPORT CARD!”
 Marcus: “Honor Roll niggas”
Marcus runs around
  Marcus: “THROW SOME A's ON IT!”
  Marcus: “THROW SOME A's ON THAT REPORT CARD!”
  Marcus: “Valedictorian and salutatorian niggas here in dis club”
Zion just stands there dumbfounded and Alexis facepalms herself.
  Marcus: “THROW SOME A's ON IT”
  Marcus: “THROW SOME A's ON THAT REPORT CARD”
Marcus: “Welcome to the Ivy League pimps!”
Marcus: “Computer, stop music.”
Marcus: “Hey! Don't ruin the fun Alexis”
“Why Marcus? Why?
Can't you see that he is NOT having fun?”
“Zion, I apologize for his actions; I surely hope you are not surely offended.”
“I forgive you”
Marcus: “Skip you both!
Yall know that rap was awesome.”
Alexis rolls her eyes
“Marcus, would it kill you to act as if you have some rationality, Mr. Philosopher!”
Marcus: “Why don't you go comb a hairy ball, Alexis?”
 4:15 PM
“Marcus you have a lovely apartment here.”
Marcus: “Thanks Zion, at least someone appreciates my style and décor.”
Alexis rolls her eyes yet again.
“Zion, where did you come from?
Let me play something relaxing.”
“Well, that’s what I am trying to find out. I like how this sounds.”
“That just means that you have a good taste in music. Hehehehe“
Marcus tilts his head in curiosity.
Marcus: “What's your last name?”
Marcus: This song does sound good.
“Ummm....err.... I do not know... ”
“Excuse me, do you suffer from amnesia?”
“All I remember is waking up in a pod next to this bag I have with me today. My companion was nothing more than just a skeleton
Zion opens the bag and it contains a golden box. Marcus and Alexis survey the box.
“Do you know how to open the box?”
“Nope, but I see a mini microphone on the side of it.”
Marcus: “Oh, Zion you will have to say something to open it.”
“What a deep philosophical insight.”
Marcus: “Oh shut up, woman.”
“Unless I remember the password, I do not think I will be able to open it.”
“Anyway Zion, what do you plan on doing here?”
“Honestly, I want to spread the word of Christ and His teachings unto all men and women worthy.”
Marcus begins to whisper to Alexis and walks her to the window.
Marcus: “What do you think Christ is?”
“You are the philosopher.
Do you know of any religious teachings?”
Marcus: “Alexis, I do not even know what religious means.”
“What are you two talking about over there?”
Marcus: “Hey, Zion did you know that these three windows are not actual windows?”
“Really Marcus?”
Marcus: “The one on the right is the game console.
Marcus: The middle is the 4D television and finally on the left is my computer screen.”
“That’s amazing, how do they work?”
Marcus: “Just touch it.”
“We should get on your computer Marcus.”
“Good Idea. There could be scriptures on the internet you guys can learn.”
Marcus: Oh crap, I think I am starting to remember something.... But what was it?
Marcus: “I am not sure about that—
Marcus mutters nervously; Alexis rush to the computer and wake it up.
Zion gasps and his heart skip a beat, the world of holiness that Zion has begins to dim.
 The sun sets marking dusk, Marcus freezes in his place.
 Alexis is simply disappointed at him, there is a dead horrifying silence between the trio.
“...”
“...”
“...”
The large screen displays a paused lascivious video. Alexis turns to Marcus and shakes her head in his immense fail.
“Marcus...  tell me why?”
Marcus: “Ok, ok, Alexis... 
Marcus: I forgot.”
The tension between Marcus and Alexis is enough for Zion to—
“I believe I should leave, thanks for having me over.”
“Zion. Marcus did not mean to offend you in any kind of way.
Maybe it is my fault for actually meeting in this ratchet place.”
“Well… I guess I can stay, however please turn off the computer.”
Marcus: “Computer off.”
I cannot feel the Holy Ghost at this moment. This is not a good sign. Am I choosing the right?
Marcus pulls the shades over the windows. Alexis and Zion stay in the living room until he returns. 
However, they seem to be good people. If I turn my back now, how will they come unto Christ?
Marcus: “For the last time Alexis, I forgot.
Marcus: If I knew that Zion was coming, the computer would have been off already.”
Sigh...“How do you forget such a thing?
I mean really....Really... and it was your idea to bring him to the computer in the first place!”
Oh I have an idea!
“Alexis, can you turn on the computer? I want to play a song.”
“Sure.”
Marcus: “...Alexis...”
“Computer on. I hope you find something good on the internet.”
“Oh I will.” If I can remember, it should be on this website.... oh wait... hmmm.
Marcus: “Are you willing to cut me some slack?”
“It's a miracle that he is staying. At the very least, you should cook something.”
Marcus: She's right. That was irresponsible on my part.
Marcus: “Okay, I am going to cook him something right now for dinner .”
“Thank you for understanding me.”
Sometimes, I wonder why in the world am I still living with this guy.
I cannot wait till I move out with my boo.
Marcus: “What is he playing?”
Marcus: I do not feel too well right now.
Alexis: “Zion? I see you found something....”
Alexis: My legs feel weak.... 
Alexis: I do not think I can...
  “I am a child of god and he has sent me here, has given me an earthy home with parents kind and dear. Lead me, guide me, and walk beside me. Help me find the way. Teach me all that I must do to live with him someday.”
 “I am a child of God, and so my needs are great. Help me to understand his words before it grows to late. Lead me, guide me, and walk beside me. Help me find the way. Teach me all that I must do to live with him someday.”
Why does my heart ache so much?
My body feels heavy.
I can barely get up.
Marcus: “Alexis. Are you alright?”
Marcus: Owww. I walk over to her on the floor with my apron on.
Marcus: The water begins to boil.
 “I am a child of God. if I but learn to do his will, I'll live with him once more. Lead me, guide me, and walk beside me. Help me find the way. Teach me all that I must do to live with him someday.”
Alexis: What is this song?
Alexis “I am fine Marcus,
but you should be more concerned with owwww.... my heart burns like fire..”
Marcus: I got her.
Marcus: “Here, I am going to pick you up and put you in my reclining chair.”
Marcus: I can barely walk with this seething pain in my heart.
 “I am a child of God. His promises are sure. Celestial glory shall be mine if I can but endure. Lead me, guide me, and walk beside me. Help me find the way. Teach me all that I must do to live with him someday.”
Marcus: Is the song over?
Alexis: Why was I in so much pain just now...?
Marcus walks back to the kitchen to pour some macaroni into the boiling pot. He puts the lid on the pot and grabs some cheese from the fridge.
I feel so much better right now. I can feel the spirit now.
Marcus: Crap, I am all out of cheese. Think of something, me.
Alexis: “Why are you serving the Lord?
Let me put on another song.”
“It's my duty and it's my way of paying Him back?”
“It's a guy? The Lord is a man?”
“Yes, He created us in His image.”
“Really? Why would He do that?”
“Because, He loves us so very much.”
“No, I mean why He would have a human appearance?”
If He could be anything, why be human?
What makes the Homo Sapiens species so ideal for a Lord?”
“I do not know Alexis.”
Marcus: Okay, I pour some water into another pot while the marconi gets softer.
Marcus: Time to grab some carrots and potatoes.
Marcus: Shoot, I might as well grab some onion. 
Marcus: I boil all three of these bad boys right now with some sea salt.
“What do you know?”
“That I have to continue my mission to serve for the Lord, and that everyone is a child of God.”
“We are children of this Lord?”
“We all are. You just don't know how much the Lord loves you, and that's why I am here.”
“There are no coincidences. It's all part of His plan.”
Marcus: I take out the potatoes, onions, and carrots from the pot.
Marcus: I throw them into my blender along with some paprika, a cap full of lemon juice, and a half cup of raw cashews.
Marcus: Coconut milk? Why not?
Marcus: I finally have a use for these nutritional yeast flakes Cheyenne gave me.
Marcus: Throw them all into the blender!
“Huh... I never met a religious person before.”
“Hehehe...wait,  what?”
“Yeah I never met a religious person before.”
“How is that possible? Granted I have not seen any churches or any places of worship since I arrived into this city six months ago.” This is really bizarre.
“I am not entirely sure as to what you're getting at with this Lord.
What do you want from Marcus and….”
Alexis: “Marcus turn that damn blender off! I can barely hear him.”
She does not have to yell.
Marcus: “Don't make me drop this apron and smack the Asian out of you. ”
Marcus: I drain the macaroni and pour the stuff from the blender.
Marcus: It looks like cheese... so yeah..
Alexis: This fool must be insane.
Alexis: “You would hate it if I came in the kitchen right now.”
Marcus: “Shut up and eat!”
Marcus: I hand her and Zion a bowl.
“Oh”
Alexis: What did he make?
Alexis: This does NOT look like mac and cheese. But whatever, I am hungry. 
“Thanks Marcus.” 
Mmm. This smells wonderful. However, I do not think this how mac and chesse is supposed to smell.
“This is not mac and cheese.”
Marcus: “Well, yeah, I did not buy any cheese.
Marcus: Do you feel accomplished for pointing out that fact?”
I kneel down.
Dear most gracious Heavenly Father, thank you for the opportunity to be with Alexis and Marcus. Thank you for food that will nourish our bodies and minds. In the name of Jesus Christ, amen.
I look at Zion arising from the floor. “What were you doing?”
“I was praying,”
“What's praying?”
“It's when you communicate to Heavenly Father directly.”
“What were you discussing with the Lord?”
“I was thanking him for the food.”
Crap, I almost choked on my food.
“That's rude of you, Zion. I expected better.
How can you thank the Lord for the food that Marcus has prepared?”
“What? If it was not for the Lord, we would be here.”
“However, who prepared the food?”
“But....”
“Answer the question, who prepared the food? In other words, who should you really be thanking?”
“I acknowledge that you prepared the food, Marcus. So thank you, nevertheless, the Lord made everything possible.”
“What did God, Heavenly Father, The Lord or whatever do?”
“How disrespectful of you Zion.”
“It's not disrespectful.”
“How are you going to thank someone else for the food that I bought, prepared, cooked, and served for you?”
“Without God, you would not been able to have this dinner.”
“Zion, I don’t know who this God is. Neverthe-less he has NOTHING on me.”
“Zion, please stop”
“Why are you insisting that this god, have something to do with everything that is me?”
“That is who He is, we are all His children.”
“Well, this child has a couple of words for him!”
“If he is so damn awesome, why does he need YOU to spread His teachings?”
“He can just beam the knowledge into our heads!”
“I know he exists in my heart!”
“There is no place for your sentimentality in an argument”
These boys are just going at it.... I am just going to sit here and enjoy my mac and whatever he used to make this sauce.
“Shut up!”
Hehehe, this guy is sure passionate about this God thingy of his.
“Why do you guys reject God?”
“We do not reject we are only skeptical of his existence.”
“You do not even clearly define what God, Heavenly whatever does....
Much less give a reason for us to believe in Him.”
Sigh, what I am doing arguing with them? I am just going my food and relax.
I just invited The Spirit and now The Spirit does not want to stay.
“I apologize for how I been behaving today Alexis”
Sigh, “Don't worry about it. Hehehe.”
I cannot hold it against Marcus anymore; it has been a strange day for both of us
“I am just upset today, Alexis. I don’t know why I feel this way.”
I sit back on my chair. Some Friday this turned out to be.
“Ever since that dream last night—“
Dream? “Hey Marcus, can you explain that dream to me?”
“Sure, there was a choir of angels, a boy, and a fiery pentagram.”
“Did the boy have a black book in his hand?”
“How did you....  know?”
Aww man, I can feel my skin crawling.
“Looks like we have an investigation on our hands, hehehehe.”
“No we don’t Alexis, I’m pretty sure it’s a—
Screw it, we're going into the wire!”
Wire?
Walking out the living room, Alexis grabs two black and white headbands.
“What’s going on?”
“Alexis are the headbands done charging?”
“Yes they are.”
Marcus and Alexis turns off the lights.
“Hey guys, what are you doing?”
“Here, put on this headband Zion.
I will explain when we get there.”
Marcus's wrist displays a holographic user interface.
Marcus falls unconscious on the the sofa as Zion puts on the headband.
Why did Marcus just collapse over there? Seriously, what is happening here?
Alexis, why are you smiling so evil-like? She gets closer and closer. I do not feel comfortable around her right now.
No wait,  stop...  She presses on the button on my headband...
Meanwhile in the wire.
“… Where....am...I?”
She looks at her static hand.
“… How did I get here?”
She looks around the forest and sees a cloud shaped that spells out Marcus's name.
“…Marcus...”
“…GRRHHHHH”
“AAAAAAARRRRRGGGHHH!”
Inside the body of the young woman lies another woman.
“…Sigh... ”
“Huh?!”
“What the...”
“EEEYYYAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHAHAHAHAHAHA!”
“What the crap is going on?”
“ARGG! SET ME FREE!”
The light skin girl breaks from her binds.
As she travels around the body she sees--
“Well, great.”
“…Oh hi sis.”
“Since you're free now, do you think you can reach me and keep that promise?”
She's located in the head.
If I keep this pace I will make it in no time.
“AAAHHHHHH!!!”
“You can stop screaming now.”
“Where am I?”
“The artificial fourth dimension aka the wire. This is where people go to manifest whatever their heart's desire.”
“Anything that you can think of manifests here.”
“Artificial fourth dimension, what the natural fourth dimension?”
“That's the astral plane, only accessible to those that can astral project.”
“That's where you saw me in surrounded by fire in the shape of the pentagram. How do we investigate this dream?”
“I am going to recreate the dream, and you can help understand the meaning behind it.”
“Go ahead, and should Alexis be here already?”
“...” Something does not seem right here.
“Marcus...”
I fly up to see the forest.
“Zion, get inside the forest, someone else is using up the memory in this virtual plane.”
“Oh…I found you.”
“Ahh~ so you're ready to play with me sister.”
“You're hoping to take back your body, to have it your way?”
“My apologies, but I am afraid that I can't let you do that.”
“…I am not taking 'no' for an answer! I'm taking my body back now!”
“…Wait, you think you're going to force me from you?”
“…I will never know unless I try sis.”
“Well then, take back your body and fulfill your wish!”
A fierce battle explodes between the twin sisters, the light-skinned girl flies and attempts to sock the other girl.
The black-skinned girl catches her fist, as throws her head into a nerve. Getting back up to clash fists with her sister.
“Why do you keep trying, you’ll inevitably fail honey.”
“I made a promise to her that we will be together forever”
The light skinned woman, head-butts her own sister.
Then slams her head midair, the black skinned woman gaining momentum returns to ram her sister.
The light-skinned woman slaps her in the jaw; black skinned woman retaliates by punching her in the eyes.
While the light-skinned woman is knocked out, she grabs her legs and repeatedly face-plants her on the nerves. 
The light-skinned woman wakes, and she tosses her with great force to the nerve.
“You still have faith in that promise?”
“Everything you fought for has been a lie.
You refuse to believe me, although we are fundamentally the same. “
“IF I knew it was a lie, why would I keep fighting for it?”
“Because you’re hopeless!
You’d have nothing left if it was a lie,so you assume it has to be the truth.”
“YOU LIAR!!!”
“Well…Let me show you the truth!”
The dark skinned girl throws her sister one last time.
“I am... back to normal”
“You wish, I still have control and it looks like we have some company.”
“Hello!”
“*Gasp*”
The wind blows silently.
There are trees outside the field of grass; the brightest thing in the sky is the moon.
“Hello mister, where did you get that ring from?”
“I wish I knew.”
...Wish...
“Hey Zion, who is this girl?”
“I do not know.”
“Is she high?”
“I do not know what it means to be high.”
Marcus snaps his fingers.
“Huh.”
“Now that I have your attention, what are you doing here?”
“Ummm,....”
“Better yet, how are you even here? This server is encrypted.”
“Uhh....”
The young girl runs off and dissappears.
“Hey guys, what I missed?”
“...”
“...”
